README.md, before:

# Cryptocurrency Explorer Chrome Extension V2
Discover a world of in-depth, real-time (on-chain) information about your favorite cryptocurrencies and NFTs with the Crypto Tracker. This easy-to-use tool simplifies cryptocurrency data, giving you key insights at the tip of your fingers, all from your browser at any page.

Features
- Hotkeys Integration: Simply select a ticker (BTC, ETH, DOGE) and press Ctrl+Shift+DownKey (or Command+Shift+DownKey for Mac) to display the related information instantly. You can also access the extension via the menu icon or hotkeys.
- Trending Coins: Keep up-to-date with the market by checking the top trending searched coins.
- Coins and Tokens: Gain access to real-time price and coin-specific data. Leverage our On-chain Whale Finder to track the top 50 transactions out of the last 10,000 for any given coin.
- Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs): Get your hands on general price information and daily on-chain transaction volumes for various NFTs.
  Comprehensive Information
- Wide On-chain Insights Support: The explorer supports a variety of blockchain networks (9) including Arbitrum, Avalanche, Binance Smart Chain, Celo, Cronos, Ethereum, Fantom, Optimism, and Polygon. This ensures you get extensive and diverse crypto information, irrespective of the network.
- Easy Navigation: Utilize Arrow and Tab keys to switch between different options and view detailed charts. For even easier usability, you can pin the extension icon to your bookmark bar.

- To begin your journey into the crypto world, install the extension and explore crypto like never before!
### General
- a. Select a ticker and press Ctrl+Shift+DownKey/ Command+Shift+DownKey to display ticker information.
- b. Open the extension via the menu icon or hotkeys and search for a coin or NFT.
- Use Arrow and Tab keys to easily switch between options and charts. 
- Check the top trending searched coins.
- 
### Coins and Tokens
- Check general price and coin information.
- On-chain Whale Finder: Follow the top 50 transactions of a coin of the last 10000 transactions.
### NFTs
- Check general price and NFT information.
- NFT, Check on-chain transaction volumes by day

### On-chain insights support
- Arbitrum
- Avalanche
- Binance Smart Chain
- Celo
- Cronos
- Ethereum
- Fantom
- Optimism
- Polygon

### Tips
- Pin extension icon at bookmark bar for easier usability.
- Refresh the browser after installation.

[Chrome Store Extension Link](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/crypto-explorer/pkaheoacmbdgnemgmcdbekniooabcnmc)

## Acknowledgements

I would like to thank CoinGecko and Etherscan for providing real-time cryptocurrency data at no cost;

[CoinGecko-API](https://www.coingecko.com/en/api).

[Etherscan-API](https://docs.etherscan.io/).

# Previews

### BTC

<p align="center">
  <img src="preview-images/btc_1280-800.jpg" alt="Bitcoin USD" width="800" >
</p>

### Doge

<p align="center">
  <img src="preview-images/doge-1280-800.jpg" alt="Doge USD" width="800" >
</p>

### Shiba 
<p align="center">
  <img src="preview-images/shib-1280-800.jpg" alt="Shib USD" width="800" >
</p>

### Pudgy NFT info
<p align="center">
  <img src="preview-images/pudgy-1280-800.jpg" alt="Pudgy USD" width="800" >
</p>

### Trending coins
<p align="center">
  <img src="preview-images/trending-1280-800.jpg" alt="Trending" width="800" >
</p>

Commit message:

- added overlay menu - added search priority - added nft/coin searchresult ratio

README.md, after:

# Cryptocurrency Explorer Chrome Extension V2
Discover a world of in-depth, real-time (on-chain) information about your favorite cryptocurrencies and NFTs with the Crypto Tracker. This easy-to-use tool simplifies cryptocurrency data, giving you key insights at the tip of your fingers, all from your browser at any page.

Features
- Hotkeys Integration: Simply select a ticker (BTC, ETH, DOGE) and press Ctrl+Shift+DownKey (or Command+Shift+DownKey for Mac) to display the related information instantly. You can also access the extension via the menu icon or hotkeys.
- Trending Coins: Keep up-to-date with the market by checking the top trending searched coins.
- Coins and Tokens: Gain access to real-time price and coin-specific data. Leverage our On-chain Whale Finder to track the top 50 transactions out of the last 10,000 for any given coin.
- Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs): Get your hands on general price information and daily on-chain transaction volumes for various NFTs.
  Comprehensive Information
- Pick your search priority: Focus on coins or NFTs.
- Community metrics: Get an understanding of each website's impact and reach with follower sizes.
- Wide On-chain Insights Support: The explorer supports a variety of blockchain networks (9) including Arbitrum, Avalanche, Binance Smart Chain, Celo, Cronos, Ethereum, Fantom, Optimism, and Polygon. This ensures you get extensive and diverse crypto information, irrespective of the network.
- Easy Navigation: Utilize Arrow and Tab keys to switch between different options and view detailed charts. For even easier usability, you can pin the extension icon to your bookmark bar.

- To begin your journey into the crypto world, install the extension and explore crypto like never before!
### General
- a. Select a ticker and press Ctrl+Shift+DownKey/ Command+Shift+DownKey to display ticker information.
- b. Open the extension via the menu icon or hotkeys and search for a coin or NFT.
- Use Arrow and Tab keys to easily switch between options and charts. 
- Check the top trending searched coins.
- 
### Coins and Tokens
- Check general price and coin information.
- On-chain Whale Finder: Follow the top 50 transactions of a coin of the last 10000 transactions.
### NFTs
- Check general price and NFT information.
- NFT, Check on-chain transaction volumes by day

### On-chain insights support
- Arbitrum
- Avalanche
- Binance Smart Chain
- Celo
- Cronos
- Ethereum
- Fantom
- Optimism
- Polygon

### Tips
- Pin extension icon at bookmark bar for easier usability.
- Refresh the browser after installation.

[Chrome Store Extension Link](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/crypto-explorer/pkaheoacmbdgnemgmcdbekniooabcnmc)

## Acknowledgements

I would like to thank CoinGecko and Etherscan for providing real-time cryptocurrency data at no cost;

[CoinGecko-API](https://www.coingecko.com/en/api).

[Etherscan-API](https://docs.etherscan.io/).

# Previews

### BTC

<p align="center">
  <img src="preview-images/btc_1280-800.jpg" alt="Bitcoin USD" width="800" >
</p>

### Doge

<p align="center">
  <img src="preview-images/doge-1280-800.jpg" alt="Doge USD" width="800" >
</p>

### Shiba 
<p align="center">
  <img src="preview-images/shib-1280-800.jpg" alt="Shib USD" width="800" >
</p>

### Pudgy NFT info
<p align="center">
  <img src="preview-images/pudgy-1280-800.jpg" alt="Pudgy USD" width="800" >
</p>

### Trending coins
<p align="center">
  <img src="preview-images/trending-1280-800.jpg" alt="Trending" width="800" >
</p>
